Accordion enhancement documentation (#2209)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/accordion/partials/guidelines/guidelines.md

![Accordion with complex content](/assets/components/accordion/usage-do-complex.png =770x*)
!!!

## Sizes

The Accordion comes in three sizes: `small`, `medium`, and `large`. We recommend `medium` for most use cases, but use whichever size best fits your UI’s needs.

![Example of various Accordion sizes](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-size-range.png)

!!! Dont

The size is set at the Accordion (group) level; don’t mix different sizes of Accordion items. This is a Figma-only issue.

![Example of incorrectly combined Accordion sizes](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-size-Dont.png)
!!!

## Types

The Accordion offers two container types: `card` and `flush` to fit different use cases.

### Card

The `card` variant is the default and recommended type. It creates a visual separation between accordion sections and other UI elements, organizes blocks of content, and distinguishes between sections within `tabs`.

!!! Do

![Example of appropriate usage of the Accordion card variant](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-card-type-example.png)
!!!

### Flush

> Use the `flush` variant where space is limited such as within a [Card](/components/card), [Flyout](/components/flyout), or Sidebar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `flush` variant where space is limited such as within a [Card](/components/card), [Flyout](/components/flyout), or sidebar.
```

!!! Do

![Example of recommended usage of the Flush variant](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-flush-example.png)
!!!

> ## Toggle type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Toggle

### Toggle type
```

> The toggle accepts many different types of content, from text-based content to nested HDS components or custom content.
> 
> ![Example of toggle content](/assets/components/accordion/toggle-content-text.png =690x*)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The toggle accepts many different types of content, from text-based content to nested HDS components or custom content.

#### Text

![Example of toggle content](/assets/components/accordion/toggle-content-text.png =690x*)
```

> ### Generic 

Reviewer: I know we're updating these to "Generic", but for now, it should match what is in the actual component, which is "Custom"

```suggestion
#### Custom 
```

![Accordion with complex content](/assets/components/accordion/usage-do-complex.png =770x*)
!!!

## Sizes

> The Accordion comes in three sizes: `small`, `medium`, and `large`. We recommend using `medium` for most use cases, but use whichever size best fits your UI’s needs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Accordion comes in three sizes: `small`, `medium`, and `large`. We recommend `medium` for most use cases, but use whichever size best fits your UI’s needs.
```

> ![Image here of different sizes - only card variant](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-size-range.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![Example of various Accordion sizes](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-size-range.png)
```

!!! Dont

> The size is set at the Accordion (group) level, don't mix different sizes of the AccordionItem.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The size is set at the Accordion (group) level; don’t mix different sizes of Accordion items.
```

> ![Image here of DONT change sizes - only card variant](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-size-Dont.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![Example of incorrectly combined Accordion sizes](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-size-Dont.png)
```

It's generally recommended to not include words like "image/picture of/here" in alt text. (Tagging @MelSumner in case she'd like to add anything.)

(Also btw, I would recommend using all lowercase letters in file names, ie no caps.)

> !!!

Author: ✅ Updated the sentence with it being a Figma only possibility

## Types

> The Accordion has two container types: `card` and `flush`, and the `static` property, which applies only to the AccordionItem.

Reviewer 3: The way this is structured is somewhat confusing because you say "two container types" then include three values/properties. Since you have a section below I might recommend just removing this part, and maybe since you have detailed breakdowns of each property, consider removing this entire sentence.

> The Accordion has two container types: `card` and `flush`, and the `static` property, which applies only to the AccordionItem.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Accordion offers two container types: `card` and `flush` to fit different use cases.
```

### Card

> Use the `card` variant by default to create visual separation between Accordion Sections and other UI elements, organize blocks of content, and distinguish between sections with [Tab](/components/tab). Unlike [Card](/components/card)/Tiles or [Tables](/components/table), the `card` variant groups multiple expandable sections for flexible content management.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the `card` variant to create visual separation between Accordion groups and other UI elements.
```

Reviewer 2: The above was very confusing to read and understand for me. I recommend greatly simplifying.

!!! Do

> ![image of DO example for the card variant](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-card-type-example.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![Example of appropriate usage of the Accordion card variant](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-card-type-example.png)

Remember not to include phrase like "image of" in alt text. It's already apparent to users that it's an image.
```

> !!!

Author: I updated this image with a billing example with the Tabs and Header type of component.

### Flush

> Use the `flush` variant for tight spaces like within a [Card](/components/card), [Flyout](/components/flyout), `Sidebar`, or other containers where space is limited.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the `flush` variant where space is limited such as within a [Card](/components/card), [Flyout](/components/flyout), or `Sidebar`.
```

> Use the `flush` variant for tight spaces like within a [Card](/components/card), [Flyout](/components/flyout), `Sidebar`, or other containers where space is limited.

Reviewer: `Sidebar` is not an actual component, so it shouldn't be in backticks. "Narrow column" might make for a more appropriate generic term. Or maybe something like:

```suggestion
Use the `flush` variant for tight spaces, such as within a [Card](/components/card) or [Flyout](/components/flyout), or for [Filtering](/patterns/filter-patterns?tab=specifications#filter-sidebar).
```

!!! Do

> ![image of DO example for the Flush variant](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-flush-example.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![Example of recommended usage of the Flush variant](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-flush-example.png)
```

!!!

### Static AccordionItems

The `isStatic` property removes the the ability to interact with the AccordionItem toggle, keeping it fixed in either an open or closed state based on the `isOpen` property. This is useful when you want to show important information in the Accordion that should always stay open or closed, making it stand out as different from the other items.

> This example showcases a Terraform run being triggered with a step that is skipped, using the `isStatic` property to prevent interaction with the toggle of the skipped step.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example depicts the `isStatic` property being used to prevent interaction with a skipped step in a triggered Terraform run.
```

> The `isStatic` property in an AccordionItem keeps it fixed in either an open or closed state based on the `isOpen` property. This means users can't toggle it open or closed. It's useful when you want to show important information in your Accordion that should always stay open or closed, making it stand out as different from the other items.

Reviewer 3: I think this is getting closer, but maybe could use the code docs for inspiration. "Set isStatic to true on an Accordion::Item to remove the ability to interact with the toggle." With this in mind, maybe consider:

```suggestion
The `isStatic` property removes the the ability to interact with the AccordionItem toggle, keeping it fixed in either an open or closed state based on the `isOpen` property. This is useful when you want to show important information in the Accordion that should always stay open or closed, making it stand out as different from the other items.
```

This simplifies a bit and creates an overlap with the code docs.

> An example of this would be the following:

Reviewer 3: [nit] I'd stay away from directional language like "following" and provide a caption that is more indicative of what the actual example is:

```suggestion
This example showcases a Terraform run being triggered with a step that is skipped, using the `isStatic` property to prevent interaction with the toggle of the skipped step.
```

> ![terraform example of a run being triggered with a step that is skipped](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-isStatic-example.png)

Reviewer 3: Somewhat of the same comment here, but this alt text should be unique

```suggestion
![Example of a Terraform run with a closed static AccordionItem](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-isStatic-example.png)
```

> ![terraform example of a run being triggered with a step that is skipped](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-isStatic-open-example.png)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
![Example of a Terraform run with an open static AccordionItem](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-isStatic-open-example.png)
```

The Accordion comes in three sizes: `small`, `medium`, and `large`. We recommend `medium` for most use cases, but use whichever size best fits your UI’s needs.

![Example of various Accordion sizes](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-size-range.png)

!!! Dont

The size is set at the Accordion (group) level; don’t mix different sizes of Accordion items.

![Example of incorrectly combined Accordion sizes](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-size-Dont.png)
!!!

## Types

The Accordion offers two container types: `card` and `flush` to fit different use cases.

### Card

Use the `card` variant to create visual separation between Accordion groups and other UI elements.

!!! Do

![Example of appropriate usage of the Accordion card variant](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-card-type-example.png)

Remember not to include phrase like "image of" in alt text. It's already apparent to users that it's an image.
!!!

### Flush

Use the `flush` variant where space is limited such as within a [Card](/components/card), [Flyout](/components/flyout), or `Sidebar`.

!!! Do

![Example of recommended usage of the Flush variant](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-flush-example.png)
!!!

> ### Static AccordionItems

Author: ```suggestion
## Static AccordionItems
```

![Example of toggle content](/assets/components/accordion/toggle-content-interactive.png =800x*)

## Sizes

> Our accordion comes in three sizes: `small`, `medium`, and `large`. We recommend using `medium`, but use whichever size best fits your UI’s needs.

Reviewer 4: [nit]

```suggestion
Our Accordion comes in three sizes: `small`, `medium`, and `large`. We recommend using `medium`, but use whichever size best fits your UI’s needs.
```

![Image here of different sizes - only card variant](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-size-range.png)

!!! Dont

> The size is set at the Accordion (group) level, so accordionItem sizes are not interchangeable.

Reviewer 4: [nit - for consistency]

```suggestion
The size is set at the Accordion (group) level, so AccordionItem sizes are not interchangeable.
```

> The size is set at the Accordion (group) level, so AccordionItem sizes are not interchangeable.

Reviewer 3: [suggestion] Maybe use language that specifically highlights this as a "dont" because it's _technically_ possible in the Figma component to use different sizes.

This isn't 100% there, but a bit closer.

```suggestion
The size is set at the Accordion (group) level, don't mix different sizes of the AccordionItem.
```

![Image here of DONT change sizes - only card variant](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-size-Dont.png)
!!!

## Types

> Our accordion has two container types: `card` and `flush`.

Reviewer 4: [nit]

```suggestion
Our Accordion has two container types: `card` and `flush`.
```

> Our Accordion has two container types: `card` and `flush`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Accordion has two container types: `card` and `flush`.
```

### Card

> The `card` variant is the default and recommended type, creating visual separation between accordion sections and other UI elements. It helps organize content blocks and distinguish between sections within tabs. Unlike `Cards`/`Tiles` or `Tables`, the `card` variant groups multiple expandable sections for flexible content management.

Reviewer 4: [nit]

```suggestion
The `card` variant is the default and recommended type, creating visual separation between Accordion sections and other UI elements. It helps organize content blocks and distinguish between sections within Tabs. Unlike `Cards`/`Tiles` or `Tables`, the `card` variant groups multiple expandable sections for flexible content management.
```

> The `card` variant is the default and recommended type, creating visual separation between Accordion sections and other UI elements. It helps organize content blocks and distinguish between sections within Tabs. Unlike `Cards`/`Tiles` or `Tables`, the `card` variant groups multiple expandable sections for flexible content management.

Reviewer 3: [suggestion] This reorganizes this first sentence, but maybe another consideration is to remove the point about "sections within Tabs" which kind of alludes to the Accordion only being used within Tabs which is not the case.

```suggestion
Use the `card` variant by default to create visual separation between Accordion Sections and other UI elements, organize blocks of content, and distinguish between sections with Tabs. Unlike `Cards`/`Tiles` or `Tables`, the `card` variant groups multiple expandable sections for flexible content management.
```

!!! Do

![image of DO example for the card variant](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-card-type-example.png)
!!!

### Flush

> Use the flush variant for tight spaces. For example, use it within other containers like cards and flyouts, or in sidebars where space is limited.

Reviewer 4: [nit - consistency]

```suggestion
Use the `flush` variant for tight spaces. For example, use it within other containers like Cards and Flyouts, or in sidebars where space is limited.
```

> Use the `flush` variant for tight spaces. For example, use it within other containers like Cards and Flyouts, or in sidebars where space is limited.

Reviewer 3: [suggestion] this could be simplified a bit and combined

```suggestion
Use the `flush` variant for tight spaces like within a Card, Flyout, sidebar, or other containers where space is limited.
```

!!! Do

![image of DO example for the Flush variant](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-flush-example.png)
!!!

> ### Static AccordionItems

Reviewer 4: If we are adding Static AccordionItems part of the `types` section, we may want to call it out on line 98 with the rest of the types, but distinguish this as an accordionItem property only.

Author: Updated line 75 with Static as an AccordionItem

Reviewer 3: I left a comment about this above but I'm not sure I agree with this. To me it makes sense to have the static content as it's own section because it isn't technically a type (at least how we define it). I might recommend:

- Type
  - Card
  - Flush
- Static AccordionItems

Which matches how the properties are structured in the component.

Reviewer 2: `isStatic` is a boolean (true/false) property within the code: https://hds-website-git-accordion-documentation-hashicorp.vercel.app/components/accordion?tab=code#component-api

Reviewer 2: Btw, did we consider calling the `type` property, `containerType`? That could make the purpose & usage clearer.

I would consider the two types/containerTypes to primarily be visual variations, vs "static" (`isStatic=true`) which primarily affects the functionality. (Any visual affect is secondary and could presumedly be combined with a containerType of either "card" or "flush".)

Reviewer: +1 to Jory's comment. I also commented on the heading structure, which needs to be revisited.

Author: @KristinLBradley originally we did, but my memory is slipping for the change in naming to just "Type"

Reviewer 5: here is [some background on the choice](https://hashicorp.slack.com/archives/C025N5V4PFZ/p1718715573875349)
tl;dr the `flush` variant doesn't only affect the container, but the trigger as well, as the style (border, shadow) is applied to the whole `AccordionItem`. it also aligns with how we named such argument in other components

> The `isStatic` property allows an accordion item to be opened or closed by default, but not toggleable between its set `isOpen` property. This is useful when needing to represent a piece of information that is relevant to your accordion content, but highlighting the `isStatic` version as the exception within the group.

Reviewer 4: [nit - consistency]

```suggestion
The `isStatic` property allows an AccordionItem to be opened or closed by default, but not toggleable between its set `isOpen` property. This is useful when needing to represent a piece of information that is relevant to your Accordion content, but highlighting the `isStatic` version as the exception within the group.
```

> The `isStatic` property allows an AccordionItem to be opened or closed by default, but not toggleable between its set `isOpen` property. This is useful when needing to represent a piece of information that is relevant to your Accordion content, but highlighting the `isStatic` version as the exception within the group.

Reviewer 3: "as the exception within the group" doesn't make a ton of sense to me, is there a better way to say this?

```suggestion
The `isStatic` property allows an AccordionItem to be opened or closed by default, but not toggleable between its set `isOpen` property. This is useful when needing to represent a piece of information that is relevant to the Accordion content, but highlighting the `isStatic` version as the exception within the group.
```

Author: I made this change in the PR and will push it up, but I wanted to highlight it here as well. I went ahead and wordsmith this a bit. 

The `isStatic` property in an AccordionItem keeps it fixed in either an open or closed state based on the `isOpen` property. This means users can't toggle it open or closed. It's useful when you want to show important information in your Accordion that should always stay open or closed, making it stand out as different from the other items.

An example of this would be the following:

![terraform example of a run being triggered with a step that is skipped - use UI helper to show the skipped step as “skipped.”](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-isStatic-example.png)

> ## AccordionItem

Reviewer 4: This looks like an orphaned H2 with no content in it. Is this supposed to be the top level of content type and the rest below?

Author: Yeah, I intended this to be H2 for the content below. Do you feel like this structure feels a bit odd?

Reviewer 3: In this scenario the subsequent heading should be an H3

> ## Content type

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Content type
```

![Example of toggle content](/assets/components/accordion/toggle-content-interactive.png =800x*)

## Sizes

The Accordion comes in three sizes: `small`, `medium`, and `large`. We recommend using `medium` for most use cases, but use whichever size best fits your UI’s needs.

![Image here of different sizes - only card variant](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-size-range.png)

!!! Dont

The size is set at the Accordion (group) level, don't mix different sizes of the AccordionItem.

![Image here of DONT change sizes - only card variant](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-size-Dont.png)
!!!

## Types

> The Accordion has two container types: `card` and `flush`.

Author: ```suggestion
The Accordion has two container types: `card` and `flush`, and the `static` property, which applies only to the AccordionItem.```

![Example of toggle content](/assets/components/accordion/toggle-content-interactive.png =800x*)

> ## Static AccordionItems

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Static
```

![Example of toggle content](/assets/components/accordion/toggle-content-interactive.png =800x*)

> ## Sizes

Reviewer 3: This looks like a duplicate from the other size section, maybe an accidental copy/paste?

The Accordion comes in three sizes: `small`, `medium`, and `large`. We recommend using `medium` for most use cases, but use whichever size best fits your UI’s needs.

![Image here of different sizes - only card variant](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-size-range.png)

!!! Dont

The size is set at the Accordion (group) level, don't mix different sizes of the AccordionItem.

![Image here of DONT change sizes - only card variant](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-size-Dont.png)
!!!

> ## Item content

Reviewer: "Item" is the whole AccordionItem, so this should be removed. The section you are talking about is referred to as "Content" (check out the Specifications tab for more details).
```suggestion
```

> ### Content type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Content type
```

![Example of toggle content](/assets/components/accordion/toggle-content-interactive.png =800x*)

> ## Sizes
> 
> The Accordion comes in three sizes: `small`, `medium`, and `large`. We recommend using `medium` for most use cases, but use whichever size best fits your UI’s needs.
> 
> ![Image here of different sizes - only card variant](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-size-range.png)
> 
> !!! Dont
> 
> The size is set at the Accordion (group) level, don't mix different sizes of the AccordionItem.
> 
> ![Image here of DONT change sizes - only card variant](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-size-Dont.png)
> !!!

Author: ```suggestion
```

> ### Custom

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### Custom
```

Reviewer 3: The "Default" headline needs to be adjusted as well but I can't comment on it because there isn't a diff

![Example of content in accordion item](/assets/components/accordion/content-custom.png =690x*)

### Nesting Accordions

!!! Info

> Nesting is only available in code. Figma does not support nesting an instance inside itself. You can detach the HDS component and turn it into a local component, then insert the local component within the HDS component. We strongly advise against this as it means your local Accordion component will not receive future component updates. [Link to Code example]

Reviewer 3: [suggestion]

```suggestion
Nesting Accordions is only supported in code as Figma does not support nesting an instance inside itself. Work around this by detaching the HDS component and turn it into a local component, then insert the local component within the HDS component. However, we strongly advise against this as it means your local Accordion component will not receive future component updates. [Link to Code example]
```

Though, this brings up the question, can we "strongly advise" against this if we're giving them instructions for how to do it?

Author: That's a valid point, maybe leaning towards recommended then and add in "better in code" 

```suggestion
Nesting Accordions is only supported in code, as Figma does not support nesting an instance inside itself. While you can work around this by detaching the HDS component and turning it into a local component, then inserting the local component within the HDS component, we do not recommend this approach. Doing so means your local Accordion component will not receive future updates. It's best to handle nested Accordions in code to maintain update compatibility. [Link to Code example]
```

!!!

> Nesting accordions can help organize complex content but should be used in moderation. This feature is only recommended for the `flush` variant.

Reviewer 4: [nit]

```suggestion
Nesting Accordions can help organize complex content but should be used in moderation. This feature is only recommended for the `flush` variant.
```

!!! Do

> Use nested accordions for up to two layers of related content. You can nest flush accordions within each other or inside card accordions. 

Reviewer 4: [nit]

```suggestion
Use nested Accordions for up to two layers of related content. You can nest `flush` Accordions within each other or inside `card` type Accordions. 
```

![Image example, card and flush and flush and flush](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-nesting-example.png)
!!!

!!! Dont

> Avoid nesting card accordions within each other to prevent excessive visual noise.

Reviewer 4: [nit]

```suggestion
Avoid nesting `card` Accordions within each other to prevent excessive visual noise.
```

![Show images of two card variants nested in each other](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-nesting-example-dont.png)
!!!

## Composition with other components

### Expand and collapse all accordions

By using composition with other HDS components, you can provide users with a way to expand and collapse all AccordionItems at once. Expanding all AccordionItems allows users to view and compare content easily, while collapsing provides a summary and reduces cognitive load.

> We recommend using a secondary Button above the Accordion, aligned to the right. A tertiary button can be used if less prominence is needed.

Reviewer 4: [nit]

```suggestion
We recommend using a secondary `Button` above the `Accordion`, aligned to the right. A tertiary `Button` can be used if less prominence is needed.
```

> To ensure consistency across all products, use “Expand all” / “Collapse all” as the Button label and the unfold-open and unfold-close icons in the leading position.

Reviewer 4: [nit]

```suggestion
To ensure consistency across all products, use “Expand all” / “Collapse all” as the `Button` label and the `unfold-open` and `unfold-close` icons in the leading position.
```

![show image of the secondary & tertiary buttons each with expand all and collapse all](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-patterns-expand-collapse-all-labels.png)

> Note that if an AccordionItem is static, the expand/collapse all feature will not affect its behavior.

Reviewer 4: [nit]

```suggestion
Note that if an `AccordionItem` is static, the expand/collapse all feature will not affect its behavior.
```

!!! Dont 

> Avoid using this feature if only one AccordionItem is visible.

Reviewer 4: [nit]

```suggestion
Avoid using this feature if only one `AccordionItem` is visible.
```

The `content` supports any custom content, local components, or Helios components via an `instance swap` property (customInstance) in Figma. In code, `yield` is supported.

> #### Default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Default
```

> ![Example of content in accordion item](/assets/components/accordion/content-text.png =690x*)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
![Example of default content in accordion item](/assets/components/accordion/content-text.png =690x*)
```

> #### Custom

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Custom
```

> ![Example of content in accordion item](/assets/components/accordion/content-custom.png =690x*)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
![Example of custom content in accordion item](/assets/components/accordion/content-custom.png =690x*)
```

### Nesting Accordions

!!! Info

> Nesting Accordions is only supported in code, as Figma does not support nesting an instance inside itself. While you can work around this by detaching the HDS component and turning it into a local component, then inserting the local component within the HDS component, we do not recommend this approach. Doing so means your local Accordion component will not receive future updates. It's best to handle nested Accordions in code to maintain update compatibility. [Link to Code example]

Reviewer 3: Regarding the "Link to code example", there isn't a headline in the code docs for that nested example so it can't be targeted directly. I'd recommend adding a headline there, and updating this to link to it.

> Nesting Accordions is only supported in code, as Figma does not support nesting an instance inside itself. While you can work around this by detaching the HDS component and turning it into a local component, then inserting the local component within the HDS component, we do not recommend this approach. Doing so means your local Accordion component will not receive future updates. It's best to handle nested Accordions in code to maintain update compatibility. [Link to Code example]

Reviewer: [polish] This got pretty long, so I recommend breaking up the content a bit. 

```suggestion
Nesting Accordions is only supported [in code](URL-HERE), as Figma does not support nesting an instance inside itself. 

While you can work around this by detaching the HDS component and turning it into a local component, then inserting the local component within the linked HDS component, we do not recommend this approach. Doing so means your local Accordion component will not receive future updates.
```

I removed the last sentence because if Designers intend to have nested accordions within their UIs, they will need a way to show this to their engineers, which means they will need to use the trick above. Telling them to only do something in code is unrealistic to how they work.

!!!

> Nesting Accordions can help organize complex content but should be used in moderation. This feature is only recommended for the `flush` variant.

Reviewer 3: [nit] Could make this more concise

```suggestion
Nesting Accordions can help organize complex content, but should be used in moderation, and is only recommended for the `flush` variant.
```

!!! Do

Use nested Accordions for up to two layers of related content. You can nest `flush` Accordions within each other or inside `card` type Accordions. 

> ![Image example, card and flush and flush and flush](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-nesting-example.png)

Reviewer 3: [nit] Could be a bit more explicit here

```suggestion
![Image example of a flush accordion nested inside of a card, and within another flush accordion](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-nesting-example.png)
```

Reviewer 2: I would consider using language along the lines of:

_Use a **max** of two nested Accordions..._

since it seems like we wouldn't want to actually encourage nesting but are recognizing that it may sometimes be necessary. (Just my opinion though.)

> ![Image example, card and flush and flush and flush](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-nesting-example.png)

Reviewer: The top line in the first example would not be there. See this showcase example:

<img width="538" alt="Screenshot 2024-07-08 at 4 17 18 PM" src="https://github.com/hashicorp/design-system/assets/8553306/2d5c84a2-4047-456a-a02c-4b809e4a2cd3">

> ![Image example of a flush accordion nested inside of a card, and within another flush accordion](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-nesting-example.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![Example of a flush Accordion nested inside of a card within another flush Accordion](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-nesting-example.png)
```

!!!

!!! Dont

Avoid nesting `card` Accordions within each other to prevent excessive visual noise.

> ![Show images of two card variants nested in each other](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-nesting-example-dont.png)

Reviewer 3: [nit]

```suggestion
![Image of two card variants nested in each other](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-nesting-example-dont.png)
```

Reviewer 2: Avoid using "image of" language in alt text.

Reviewer 2: Change alt text to
=>
Two card variants nested within each other

> ![Image of two card variants nested in each other](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-nesting-example-dont.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![Incorrect example of two card variants nested within each other](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-nesting-example-dont.png)
```

!!!

## Composition with other components

### Expand and collapse all accordions

> By using composition with other HDS components, you can provide users with a way to expand and collapse all AccordionItems at once. Expanding all AccordionItems allows users to view and compare content easily, while collapsing provides a summary and reduces cognitive load.

Reviewer 3: [nit] Consider using "composing" as a verb rather than "using composition" which functions as a noun.

```suggestion
By composing the Accordion with other HDS components, you can provide users with a way to expand and collapse all AccordionItems at once. Expanding all AccordionItems allows users to view and compare content easily, while collapsing provides a summary and reduces cognitive load.
```

Reviewer 2: Question: Do we want to use "AccordionItems" or "Accordion Items"?

> We recommend using a secondary [Button](/components/button#secondary) above the `Accordion`, aligned to the right. A tertiary [Button](/components/button#tertiary) can be used if less prominence is needed.

Reviewer 3: Should this be:

```suggestion
We recommend using a `secondary` [Button](/components/button#secondary) above the Accordion, aligned to the right. A `tertiary` [Button](/components/button#tertiary) can be used if less prominence is needed.
```

> We recommend using a secondary [Button](/components/button#secondary) above the `Accordion`, aligned to the right. A tertiary [Button](/components/button#tertiary) can be used if less prominence is needed.

Reviewer: Is there a recommended size of button they should use depending on the size of the Accordion? Or is the button size the same regardless of the size of Accordion?

> To ensure consistency across all products, use “Expand all” / “Collapse all” as the `Button` label and the `unfold-open` and `unfold-close` icons in the leading position.

Reviewer 3: Should this be:

```suggestion
To ensure consistency across all products, use “Expand all” / “Collapse all” as the Button label and the `unfold-open` and `unfold-close` icons in the leading position.
```

> ![show image of the secondary & tertiary buttons each with expand all and collapse all](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-patterns-expand-collapse-all-labels.png)

Reviewer 3: [nit]

```suggestion
![Image of the secondary & tertiary buttons each with expand all and collapse all](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-patterns-expand-collapse-all-labels.png)
```

> ![show image of the secondary & tertiary buttons each with expand all and collapse all](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-patterns-expand-collapse-all-labels.png)

Reviewer: [polish] The way this image is organized is slightly odd because the button types are separated, and the spacing is consistent throughout. It could be more polished to show the matching button types together (with a smaller gap between them) and a larger gap between the two button types, e.g., "Expand all"/"Collapse all" in the secondary button, then "Expand all"/"Collapse all" in the tertiary buttons.

> ![Image of the secondary & tertiary buttons each with expand all and collapse all](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-patterns-expand-collapse-all-labels.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
![Secondary & tertiary button examples used for “Expand all” and “Collapse all” functionality](/assets/components/accordion/accordion-patterns-expand-collapse-all-labels.png)
```

!!! Warning

> Note that if an `AccordionItem` is static, the expand/collapse all feature will not affect its behavior.

Reviewer 3: Should this be:

```suggestion
Note that if an AccordionItem is static, the expand/collapse all feature will not affect its behavior.
```

Reviewer: I'm also wondering if this should be a warning or an info banner. It doesn't feel urgent or impactful enough to be a warning.

!!!

!!! Dont 

> Avoid using this feature if only one `AccordionItem` is visible.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Avoid using this feature if only one AccordionItem is visible.
```
